hello I'm the Nostalgia Critic I
remember it so you don't have to and I
have been attacked Pearl Harbor DIF you
will by a swarm brought on by the Angry
Video Game Nerd last week the Angry
Video Game Nerd posted this video
response I'm the fucking nerd and
there's this guy called a nostalgia
critic and he's been talking about me an
awful lot lately so here's my big
comeback to you nostalgia critic you
suck yes turd yeah I got pens and I'm
not afraid to use your mighty pens don't
scare me boy
now you might be thinking uh is that his
comeback is that all he's got of course
your primitive brain can't conjure up
much more well no I got more you're a
poopy head dress those pants I really
like how you deciphered my hidden
meaning
well you're a close it was actually lick
my balls you piece of shit in the stalls
our critic yes yes forgot to carry the
one
I am the domination of the Internet you
diabolical clean pop not only have you
insulted my honor but you also left an
advertisement for my site at the end of
your video knowing damn well that so
many people would flood to my site if
they would overwhelm my video bandwidth
thus I would have to shut down the site
for a couple days you on D the most
worthy adversary well put your money
where your mouth is nerd you think this
job is easy you think it's just a walk
in the park to review these horrible
nostalgic movies it's not and I'm gonna
prove it to you I challenge you Angry
Video Game Nerd to review the worst
nostalgic movie that you can find I'll
even let you make the choice or maybe
one of your fans can make a
recommendation whatever you choose you
have to review this piece of horror
nostalgic shit on your show what's the
matter nerd - chicken - yellow - take on
the challenge I eat pieces of yellow for
breakfast and chicken is my favorite
color you know I mean I give you two
days nerd two days to respond to my
challenge two days or whatever is most
convenient I'm the Nostalgia Critic I
remember it so you don't have to to warn
nerd